---
title: "Lazy Days"
date: 2020-07-02
---

I didn't do anything today or yesterday when it comes to this. I spent much of the past 48 hours in a tired delirium where I didn't want to do anything but sleep. 

I spoke with a friend about classes and how to figure out my next few years in Utah while getting my degree and just existing. I set up an appointment with my academic advisor, she told me I had missed the deadline for major status but if I sent an email it is possible to appeal it, so hopefully that goes well. I haven't sent the email yet, but I figured I would write this and it would make my anxiety bad enough to force me to do it. Apparently the deadline ended early June, so I guess I was fashionably late as usual. Oh well, as long as it works out then it should not matter. Here's to hoping. 

I discovered the speedrun.com leaderboard for the Diamond Casino heist, the ruleset is shit in my opinion. It's a segmented run of every prep without getting max take and without getting elite challenge. I guess I can see the appeal of any% runs for a normal game, but this gives a payout and it seems silly not to max it out to me. I guess that is just the completionist in me. Oh well, I am going to start doing runs with my own ruleset so that I can make my own category, with blackjack and hookers. 

I'm still just tired, to be honest. I am going to lay down and email the dude before they open up shop this morning so I can hopefully get this ball rollin' and not get locked out of the classes I need to take. 

Signing off, 

Dan 
